README.md, before:

# Paris.js talks submission

Render a form to post a new talk for paris.js meetups, and save it on Trello.

## Install

    git clone https://github.com/parisjs/parisjs-talks-submit.git
    cd parisjs-talks-submit
    npm install

## Configuration

    cp config.json{.sample,}
    $EDITOR config.json

* host - by default https://api.trello.com
* key - the oauth app key from Trello (https://trello.com/1/appKey/generate)
* token - the oauth token from Trello (https://trello.com/1/authorize?key=THEKEY&name=ParisjsTrello&expiration=never&response_type=token&scope=read,write)
* idList - the id of the Trello list

## Usage

    node server.js

## API

### Render the form

    GET /

Returns 200.

### Post the form and save to Trello

    POST /

Parameters:

* title - The title of the talk
* abstract - a small abstract of the talk (can be some markdown)
* author - the author : Author <email>
* type - the type of the talk (long or short)
* note - additional notes (*not yet implemented*)

Returns 201.

## Tests

    npm test

## Dotcloud deploy

Everything is ready to deploy it on dotcloud.

    dotcloud create myapp
    dotcloud push

## License

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004

    Copyright (C) 2013 François de Metz <francois@2metz.fr>

    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
    copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
    as the name is changed.

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

    0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.

Commit message:

Add heroku doc.
Signed-off-by: François de Metz <francois@stormz.me>

README.md, after:

# Paris.js talks submission

Render a form to post a new talk for paris.js meetups, and save it on Trello.

## Install

    git clone https://github.com/parisjs/parisjs-talks-submit.git
    cd parisjs-talks-submit
    npm install

## Configuration

    cp config.json{.sample,}
    $EDITOR config.json

* host - by default https://api.trello.com
* key - the oauth app key from Trello (https://trello.com/1/appKey/generate)
* token - the oauth token from Trello (https://trello.com/1/authorize?key=THEKEY&name=ParisjsTrello&expiration=never&response_type=token&scope=read,write)
* idList - the id of the Trello list

## Usage

    node server.js

## API

### Render the form

    GET /

Returns 200.

### Post the form and save to Trello

    POST /

Parameters:

* title - The title of the talk
* abstract - a small abstract of the talk (can be some markdown)
* author - the author : Author <email>
* type - the type of the talk (long or short)
* note - additional notes (*not yet implemented*)

Returns 201.

## Tests

    npm test

## Dotcloud deploy

Everything is ready to deploy it on dotcloud.

    dotcloud create myapp
    dotcloud push

## Heroku deploy

Everything is ready to deploy it on heroku.

    heroku create
    git push heroku

## License

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                    Version 2, December 2004

    Copyright (C) 2013 François de Metz <francois@2metz.fr>

    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
    copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
    as the name is changed.

            DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

    0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.
